===========================
Naaya TalkBack Consultation
===========================

Creating a consultation
-----------------------
To start a consultation you should create, as administrator, a "TalkBack
Consultation" object inside a folder. Set start/end dates (reviewers will not be
able to submit comments outside that timespan) and choose whether to allow file
uploads and invitations (explained below).

Next we need to add some content for people to review. This content will be
organised into "sections", similar to chapters in a book. Sections are made up
of "paragraphs", and reviewers will be able to comment on each individual
paragraph. To create a section, click on the "add section" button at the top of
a consultation page. You can enter some content here manually, or more likely
use copy/paste from a pre-existing document. Upon clicking "Add section", the
content will be uploaded and split automatically into paragraphs; these can be
manually adjusted (merged and split) if you're not happy with the automatic
process by clicking on "Edit section".

Submitting comments
-------------------
If you wish to comment on an existing consultation (also called "submittig a
review") go to the consultation page and click on a section. The section page
should contain the original document and several "comments" buttons. Click on
one of them to read previous comments and write your own. You can also see the
section content and all the attached comments on a single page by clicking the
"show comments inline" button.

If you're not able to submit a comment, make sure that you're logged in and have
the Reviewer role for this consultation.

Moderating comments
-------------------
Administrators can moderate all comments. Reviewers, too, can moderate the
comments of the people they have invited. Moderation includes editing or
deleting comments, and also approving comments for public view.

If a user has moderation permissions for a comment, they will see "edit",
"delete" and "approve" buttons for that comment. Initially, comments submitted
by invitees are unapproved; also, if enabled, comments submitted anonymously are
also unapproved.

Invitations
-----------
The consultation component is designed to allow reviews from people who do not
have accounts on the site. Administrators (and, if allowed, Reviewers) can send
review invitations to anyone; the invitations contain a private URL that the
invitee can use to access the consultation and submit comments.

Invitations are sent as follows: on the consultation page click "Send review
invitation", enter the invitee's information, click "preview" to see what the
invitation e-mail will look like, and click "send invitation". An e-mail will be
sent to that person containing the private URL and instructions on how to access
the consultation.

Administrators can review active invitations and, if required, revoke any of
them. If an invitation is revoked, the invitee will not be able to log in with
his private URL or submit comments, but existing comments are not removed
automatically.
